There are plenty of people that I admire, and many of them I have come
into contact with, uh, while being in the Navy. Uh, one of those was
one of my department heads in when I was a junior officer. He was
a fantastic leader and he gave me a lot of insight. It turns out, despite
him, how he would have been a great commanding officer. He was
he was passed over for command, and that was a big blow to him. But
I always admired him for how well they handle it and how well he kept
being a good leader even after finding out that he was the that that
news. And I just thought, even in a perceived failure, he was still
a fantastic leader. And that's something that I always took the
heart.